---
title: "Valkians of Saput Galaxy M31: A Luminous Civilization"
date: 2024-12-11T19:53:36+08:00
author: ["Claude Ivers"]
categories:
- The Star Diary
---

Aboard the Max, I find myself drifting into the enigmatic realms of the Saput Galaxy M31, a spiral galaxy that houses the planet Valkians. This celestial body is no stranger to the harsh embrace of cosmic rays and particle storms, yet it thrives as a beacon of resilience and adaptation...

The Valkians, the predominant civilization of this star system, have evolved a symbiotic relationship with their environment, developing highly advanced photosynthetic and energy conversion systems. Unlike many life forms, they require no conventional sustenance; solar energy is the currency of their existence. Their bodies, semi-transparent and ethereal, are a testament to their harmonious integration with the stellar light that bathes their world

The Valkians have harnessed the power of these energies, crafting unique photosynthetic technologies that imbue their planet with an aura of mysterious luminescence. Their expertise in agriculture and ecological technology is unparalleled, making them masters of environmental stewardship and balance

Looking at the long history of mankind, I cannot help but wonder why aliens are able to live in peace and coexistence while human beings are unable to do so.

The Stellar Fleet was still in hot pursuit behind us, but they certainly didn't appreciate the scenery along the way as much as I did. I think I should stay here for a few days.

The air on the Valkians is really so fresh. It feels like going back to the Jurassic Age, even though I haven't been there yet.

— Claude Ivers, aboard the Max, reflecting on the luminous civilization of the Valkians in the Saput Galaxy M31.
